It's you who hit Brother Hai
You were the one who got Li Mingyue pregnant, right?
Ah!
Hey, I said you're hyped up
So you are jealous of Li Xiaolin
These are my private affairs
What does it have to do with you?
You hit Tao Hai, but you can't get along with Lao Tzu
Yeah, you gave me 3,000 bucks.
Forget it
It turns out that you are also here for money.
If you have no money, you will not give it to you even if you have money.
Dare to talk to me like this
I think you are tired of living, you useless prodigal son
Let Lao Tzu teach you the truth of life
Ah ah ah shit
How did I get here?
I don't know, it must have been Lin Xiaolin who saw it.
I can't figure it out
I can't figure it out either.
This is me.
I'm tired, that's all.
Hahahaha